# How to Download and Enjoy Delbert McClinton's Shakey Ground MIDI File for Free
 
Delbert McClinton is a legendary American singer-songwriter who has been performing rock and blues music since the 1960s. One of his most popular songs is Shakey Ground, a funky tune that features a catchy brass section and a groovy guitar solo. If you are a fan of Delbert McClinton and want to sing along to his song, you might be interested in downloading a free MIDI file of Shakey Ground that you can use for karaoke.
 
A MIDI file is a digital format that contains the musical notes and instructions for playing a song. It does not contain any audio data, so you need a MIDI player or a software that can convert MIDI to MP3 or other formats. You can also customize the MIDI file by changing the tempo, key, instruments, or vocals according to your preferences.
 
**Download Zip ☑ [https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Ftlniurl.com%2F2uy8aK&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw096GDbtJsEiejDipnRgzKk](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Ftlniurl.com%2F2uy8aK&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw096GDbtJsEiejDipnRgzKk)**


 
There are several websites that offer free MIDI files of Shakey Ground by Delbert McClinton. One of them is Midi Hits[^1^], which provides a high-quality MIDI file that runs 3:27 with 9 channels of sound. You can download it by clicking on the link below:

    <a href="http://www.midi-hits.com/midi-file.php?catno=G865">Delbert McClinton, Shakey Ground MIDI file</a>

Another website that offers a free MIDI file of Shakey Ground is Karaoke Version[^2^], which also allows you to create your own custom backing track by adjusting the volume and panning of each instrument and vocal. You can download it by clicking on the link below:

    <a href="https://www.karaoke-version.com/custombackingtrack/delbert-mcclinton/shakey-ground.html">Shakey Ground - Delbert McClinton - Custom Backing Track MP3</a>

Once you have downloaded the MIDI file of Shakey Ground, you can use any MIDI player or converter to play it on your computer or mobile device. You can also use a microphone and speakers to sing along to the song and have fun with your friends or family. Enjoy!
  
If you want to learn more about Delbert McClinton and his music, you can visit his official website where you can find his biography, discography, tour dates, and merchandise. You can also follow him on social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube.
 
delbert mcclinton shakey ground mp3 download,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground karaoke version,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground midi hits,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground lyrics,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground backing track,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground cdg,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground kfn,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground rock blues,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground original songwriters,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground 1980,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground key g,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground tempo 96,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground synched lyrics,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground soundcloud,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground shoxet.com,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground how to download,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground enjoy,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground legendary singer-songwriter,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground rock and blues music,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground catchy brass section,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground groovy guitar solo,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground midi file format,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground customize the midi file,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground change the tempo key instruments vocals,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground websites that offer free midi files,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground high-quality midi file,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground 9 channels of sound,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground create your own custom backing track,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground adjust the volume and panning of each instrument and vocal,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground midi player or converter,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground play it on your computer or mobile device,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground use a microphone and speakers to sing along,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground have fun with your friends or family,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground learn more about his music,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground official website biography discography tour dates merchandise,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground follow him on social media platforms facebook twitter youtube,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground influential and versatile musician in the history of american music,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground won three grammy awards and has been inducted into the texas heritage songwriters hall of fame ,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground collaborated with many artists such as bonnie raitt emmylou harris bruce springsteen and b.b. king ,  delbert mcclinton shakey ground one of his most successful songs reaching number 9 on the billboard hot 100 chart in 1980 ,  delbert mcclinton shaky grounds free midi file karaoke.mp3 sway office.com ,  shaky grounds by Delbert McClinton free midi file karaoke.mp3 download ,  Del McClinton shaky grounds free midi file karaoke.mp3 online ,  Del McClinton shaky grounds free midi file karaoke.mp3 for windows ,  Del McClinton shaky grounds free midi file karaoke.mp3 for mac ,  Del McClinton shaky grounds free midi file karaoke.mp3 for android ,  Del McClinton shaky grounds free midi file karaoke.mp3 for iphone ,  Del McClinton shaky grounds free midi file karaoke.mp3 for ipad ,  Del McClinton shaky grounds free midi file karaoke.mp3 for linux
 
Delbert McClinton is widely regarded as one of the most influential and versatile musicians in the history of American music. He has won three Grammy Awards and has been inducted into the Texas Heritage Songwriters Hall of Fame. He has collaborated with many artists such as Bonnie Raitt, Emmylou Harris, Bruce Springsteen, and B.B. King.
 
Shakey Ground is one of his most successful songs, reaching number 9 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1980. It was originally recorded by The Temptations in 1975 and written by Al Boyd, Jeffrey Bowen, and Eddie Hazel. The song is about living in a precarious situation and hoping for a better future.
 8cf37b1e13
 
